[Bug] [source elasticsearch] The 'source' field is mandatory (#7420) (#7421)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/source/Elasticsearch.md

| username                | string  | no       | -                 |
| password                | string  | no       | -                 |
| index                   | string  | yes      | -                 |

> | source                  | array   | yes      | -                 |

Reviewer: The `source` is not required. We can use `schema` too. Please refer https://github.com/apache/seatunnel/pull/7421/files#diff-8eef53f88ae098e1477f67d8053f946d3267578ec8e68fd472d22c298864f876R128. Could you please update the documentation to make sure users are aware of this behavior?

Author: <img width="870" alt="2024-08-17_101921" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eaf08e51-ad90-40b4-a433-0832c7ff07cc">
Is this description feasible?

Elasticsearch index name, support * fuzzy matching.

### schema [config]

> The schema config in ElasticSearch sink is deprecated, please use source config instead! Choose between schema and source, it is recommended to use source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of the data, including field names and field types. Reference to [Schema-Feature](../../concept/schema-feature.md)
The schema config in ElasticSearch sink is deprecated, please use source config instead.
```

### source [array]

The fields of index.
You can get the document id by specifying the field `_id`.If sink _id to other index,you need specify an alias for _id due to the Elasticsearch limit.

> If you don't config source, it is automatically retrieved from the mapping of the index.Choose between schema and source, it is recommended to use source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't config source, it is automatically retrieved from the mapping of the index.
```
